---

layout: post
title: Play The Hand You're Dealt, otherwise you're failing Randy Pausch

---

## Sprint the shorts, lunge the longs

I'll start with some _**rambling**_ - "Sprint the shorts, lunge the longs."

It was a simple instruction given during a dry-land conditioning practice.

But if it were a guide to life, how could it be **explained**, justified?

Why rush through the short days and take forever on the others?

... It must be a matter of perspective. What's in the [*quality*](https://hbr.org/1988/05/the-house-of-quality) of those 'shorts' and 'longs'?

If the longs are good, take your time through them. But then, why not switch the good times with the shorts and lunge through them? Optimization of time spent?

_What is the rationale for someone looking to make this a motto?_

## a little bit on my physique, first

I play tennis, and table tennis (A.K.A. [ping pong](https://media.giphy.com/media/ECwTCTrHPVqKI/giphy.gif)), and run for my exercise. And thankfully, I've never had to suffer as some have had with knee problems, leg problems... or worse. 

I was given a stranger, and hopefully lesser, condition called flat feet.

Having flat feet means that your feet will take (at varying degrees, depending on the arch in the foot) more shock than people without such feet.

_But how does this [stack](http://imgur.com/IG8cK9U) up in the grand scheme of things?_

## analogizing the relationship between flat feet and time, using a concept in finance

In personal finance, we can view this as a Roth IRA, wherein the pain is the tax on the income contributions you're saving in the present towards a future tax-free collection.
A fair number of people get the opposite, where you won't have many problems until later down the road when it comes time to collect - the taxes come in full force then.

Everyone's overall taxes - and flat feet - are [different, though for a Roth IRA you actually have a choice to make depending on your income tax bracket.](https://blogs.wsj.com/experts/2016/05/12/when-a-roth-ira-is-a-wrong-choice/). They both follow you until death, but they won't most likely won't stop you from joining the military (unless you [levy taxes and poorly handle debt](https://financesolutions.org/armed-forces-check-your-credit-first/) or [suffer on a daily basis](https://www.va.gov/vetapp10/files4/1035190.txt), which is something. But just like IRAs, many don't know the difference between people with flat feet and without flat feet, even if they should when judging someone's abilities (my dad used to do this to a fault, but heck, I still love and respect him).

Funny thing is, people with flat feet can't even tell the difference between each _other's_ "accounts": 

1. Some need to stretch specific muscles every day. 
2. Some have powerful leg and back pain. 
3. Many end up purchasing medical equipment that supports the feet in dealing with daily impact that each foot receives. 
4. Nearly all end up giving up something **sooner** than **_later._**

_So flat feet can cause issues early. I found that out the hard way._

## no run [through the jungle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XZjhZWbB34)

After having some aches and pains, I spoke to my doctor. And he suggested I stop and consider what activities I should continue doing. **Weigh the pros and cons.**

I quit running a little while after I was able to sustain a speed of roughly 14 kph for 1.5 km or so, within a larger series of 5 - 7 km per 25 minute run. For most, this probably isn't much in society (apparently I'm the best [house mouse](http://www.speedofanimals.com/) if ever there was a contest), but for me, who comfortably ran at 7 kph a few months earlier, and who finished high school with a 5.5 minute kilometer time, it was fun and empowering to _feel._

But the pains in my right foot still follow me today when I take evening walks. Occasional pains by the right ankle, and aches in the muscle and skeleton that I had never had the year before. I found I needed new sole inserts for my shoes after all the miles I ran, and all the treks uphill and downhill in snow to get to my college (_wait, isn't this supposed to be a different gen.'s complaint?_)

It's weird, accepting what you shouldn't continue doing. It's frustrating that when I start to jog I'll feel a sensation in my feet, that when I walk a short distance barefoot they'll feel like they've been beaten and bruised.

> it's annoying, is all...

**_It's a long series of lunges_** for me to go places, and it has to be done because there are times when people need to go places.

## And when I get there...

When I get there, I'll usually be happy. Whether I reach a friend's house after a fair walk to cook something good, or make it up those stairs in spite of the stinging pain to see a friend, or when I finish a day in the city and see my friends smiling before we leave, I am **good**. 

It's in those fleeting times of uneasy peace, that run right on by, that you should run with it. They're **_shorts to be sprinted._** 

> **In life, the shorts and longs are like that.** 

_The bad days of screaming customers, angry folks, bad results, or growing anticipation and ire are **_normal in long lunges_**, to be taken in a pace._ 

_The [good times](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph7oZnBH05s#t=3m23s)?_ 

Don't miss 'em. **I enjoyed them when they happened.**
