---
layout: post
title: Child's Story (9/22/2008)
---

### Chapter 1: The beginning where it all started

"A dim light.... falling from above... is it..... life?!?" Well, before we go any further, I should probably tell you what happened before this present point.

It all started out long, long ago. Pencil had released Fudge from his cup that was his version of jail. They both had a sense of adventure in them, both being banished from their homes.

Pencil was banished for being too short compared to the other, large, strong pencils, and wished to be able to explore the outside world, dangerous and risky. 

But Fudge mainly just wanted to be free of his cup. It was too _**small**_ and _**dark**_ for him and was plain _**torture**_ to him. So they teamed up to find new land, just like Columbus. They faced a big, sucin monster that chopped everything it faced (a lawn mower), a sharp-beaked woodpecker, the playground of giants (_**US**_ humans, playing), yet were sadly separated by a gust of wind and a large eagle. It pulled them away forever, until Pencil and Fudge 2 (_haa-haa!_). 

Fudge had returned after a long journey during the wind, and proved himself to have more endurance, and confidence within. He and Pencil reunited as detectives. They were investigating a home to a rich man: Arnold Pineda! He was presumed to be a _drug dealer._

For some reason, his [Arnold Pineda's] home had a jungle background, and looked extremely like a hobo's home to be honest. They met him, but not for long - He had turned native, swinging from vine to vine. _He died swinging from vine to vine._

He died that moment becuse he "accidentally" cut his vine at the sight of them. He fell through a window into his pit of spikes - they were made of tough steel, so it easily pierced his body and _**killed**_ him. Soon Pencil and Fudge realized that the drug dealers were going to have a meeting there, and accused Pencil and Fudge of killing Arnold. 

So they were locked in mortal combat, firecely resisting the drug dealer's blows [In the Real Pencil and Fudge 2, the battle was on a pirate ship]. Again, Pencil was soon defeated from running out of lead to fight with, and Fudge was sliced to nothingness. (Until now....)

### Pencil and Fudge 3: Reborn Again: Chapter 2: "where am I" (10/16/08)

Pencil clawed the air, gasping for breath. He was still panting as two cloaked giants took out a knife! His worst enemy was about to kill Pencil. But Pencil was tough and brave over the time he had spent with Fudge. He was **READY!** 
_He sprang into the air, yelling a Kung Fu-style yell._ _**Hyyyaaaaahhhh!!!**_ 

He stopped, landed on the ground and said _"Forget that, I'm too tired for Kung Fu!"_ He took out a BB gun and shot the giant in th arm and the other one holding the knife in the leg. The 2 giants crumpled to the floor, and writhed in pain. "Where am I, giants?" said Pencil, holding the gun bravely like a spear to the sky. He didn't hear a response, so he kicked them in their wounds and walked out the door silently. 

He looked around. He then saw a sign on the ceiling saying **"M-UOR-GE"** carefully, sounding it out. Then he finally realized it - he was in a hospital! The two cloaked giants must've been giant doctors who were trying to examine his insides!

**"I was assumed dead,"** he soon thought. **"That must mean Fudge must be around here somewhere!"** So Pencil tirelessly searched around the hospital, using a tranquilizer gun on any giants that were there. 

Eventually, he found a room where two giant doctors outside were _**whispering,**_ _"We have that blob of fudge in our room at last! Now our plan is almost complete! soon we will be able to recreate 'them' at last!"_

Pencil froze. _"Fudge was being used in a new alien cloning process! He has to be saved!"_ Pencil thought. So Pencil jumped in front of the 2 giant doctors and yelled as loud as he could,

_"I want Fudge back_ _**NOW!"**_

## BLAM, BLAM!

### Pencil and Fudge 3: Reborn Again Chapter 3: Fudge Was Back! (12/19/08)

The two giants crumpled to the floor, one attempting to shriek, the other panting with the _keys_ in his hand. They were being clutched as hard as the giant could. To Pencil, it was a dying man in a prison cell locked up under high guard. So Pencil took out his regular gun and shot the giant in the hand.

It opened up, with green goo squirting out **wildly.** Pencil flinched.

_"Oh.... F-F-Fudge! Yo-You're..... okay! I-I'm so hh-happy to see you..... um..... okay, that's all I have to saw now."_

Pencil was struggling to say anything after that. Fudge looked calm, and as though not affected by what Pencil said at all. Then Fudge plopped to the side, unable to move. Pencil screamed out:

## "NOOO! F-F-Fudge! NOOOOOO! Don't die bud-dy! I don't know what I c-c-c--could d-d-do without y-y-you!"

Pencil was steaming inside while flooding tears out of his _eraser_ eyes. Fudge didn't move. Then..... 

a burp from Fudge. 

He was still alive.

"Fudge must've been tired, that's all," Pencil thought with relief. He remained shaky, and words couldn't describe his feeling of panic. Yet throughout all of this noise no one could even _hear_ the alien doctor morphing into an enormous butterly/wasp creature and sharpening its stinger. It was aiming for Pencil and Fudge. Only when he spoke fiercely did the duo hear.

_"You..... will.... pay for thissss.... with your lives!"

The two stared, bemused at the intimidating look from the monster. Fudge could've fainted at the look on its face.

### Pencil and Fudge 3: Reborn Aain Ch. 4: The Claws of Terror (1/14/09)

The large bug was zooming around, attempting to confuse its new victims. Pencil felt that together with Fudge, he was strong enough to take on the foul winged bird thing. He chased after the bird, blasting furniture with his newly found pistol. The bird, narrowly evading the fire, swooped down and pierced Pencil's wooden body with its sharp claws. Pencil concealed his scream of agony, for he knew if he hadn't the bug would know Pencil's weak point. Pencil passed the gun to an area underneath an oak table, for he didn't need one anymore. He climbed onto Fudge's frozen body and said with all his might,

#### "Giddy-UP-Fudgy!"

Fudge must've been turning by instinct, for they were gone in a flash. The bird tirelessly chased after the pair.

### Pencil and Fudge 3: Reborn Again chapter 5: escape from the Dungeon!

Fudge sped along the steps to the exit of the prison, losing bits of his gooey structure. As he burst through the large door, the howling winds filled with coldness began to take hold of Fudge. In seconds, Fudge (carrying a stricken Pencil) was flying through the starry air, as though he was on a hang glider. As the winds slowly subsided, Fudge floated into a large field of corn. The fierce bird previously chasing them was out of their sight now. 

As Fudge shouted "Hoorrrayy!!!" in celebration, Pencil let out a weak moan, as his wounds were still troubling him. Fudge realized this, and began to climb up a towering stalk of corn. He tugged and tugged at the vegetables' stem until it began to split. Without tugging, Fudge watched as the corn skydived to the soft earth and landed near Pencil. Fudge yelled down to Pencil:

## "Eat it, you'll need your strength for later!" 

So in a quick moment Pencil began tearing at the green outer layers and gnawing at the thick corn. Bits of corn fell from it that wree as large as Pencil's mouth and Pencil began to chew it. 

Fudge, worried that Pencil wouldn't finish in time, began to search the land around him, eventually getting himself lost. Full of fear of never finding his way out, Fudge screamed as loud as he could (which is about the sound of a grasshopper as he was hoarse) for help. The land was similar to the house belonging to Arnold Pineda - extremely thick with tangled and leaves covering any path in or out. 

Now Fudge was too tired to move, and painfully slouched into an uncozy position and fell asleep. When he woke up, however, he was ready and fresh to continue his search. He began to think clearer, and retraced his steps back to where Pencil was. He was laying there, tired, not even realizing that Fudge was gone yesterday.


